There is such a wonderful feature in this policy which will get
you the claim. Yes friends, you will get the
claim. Such a super hit amazing
feature is only in ICC Lord's
Elevate product due to which the
product is making waves in the market. If there is a
plan of any company, then here the
claim will be taken only up to the sum shot or you will get the
claim only up to the bonus which is on the sum shot,
you will not get any claim more than that
but in this Elevate product, if
any of your sum is insured and once in a
lifetime any higher claim comes to you, then
you will get it. There is an amazing amazing feature
and that too,
infecil means whether the policy is
of 10 lakhs, whether there is a claim of 1 crore, 5
crore or 50 crore, even then you will
get the claim because there is
such an option in the policy, once in a lifetime. This is the
first big feature and secondly, the company has launched another amazing feature
which is making a huge splash in itself.
V
[Music]
[Praise]
Something very wonderful and working for you today.  I am here
today to talk about
a great
plan launched by ICC Lords called Elevate.
As the name suggests, there are some amazing features
within this plan.
I will explain and guide you thoroughly through two or three features,
which are industry first features. No
other company in the industry has such
features, which
can be very useful and amazing for you.
Before moving forward, please subscribe to my channel,
share, comment, and
definitely click the bell icon, which is
very important. Only then will
you receive all the latest updates. So, let me talk
about ICC Lords' Elevated product. This Elevate product is
very amazing and amazing.
What is there to see here? The
company has launched an industry first feature here, In
Fight Claim Once in a Lifetime. You
can claim within the policy, that is, whether your
policy is worth 5 lakhs, 10 lakhs, 20 lakhs, or
50 lakhs. Let's assume
you have taken a policy worth ₹1 lakh and
within your policy  Whether a claim of Rs 38 lakhs has come, a
claim of Rs 50 lakhs has come or a claim of Rs 1 crore has come,
any one claim higher than the sum assured has come
within the life tenure of the entire policy, so
friends, there is such a wonderful feature in this policy
which will get you the claim, yes
friends, you will get the claim, such a super
hit amazing feature is only
in ICICI Lord's Elevate product
due to which the product is making waves in the market
and if there is a plan of any company, then
here the claim will be taken only up to the sum assured
or you will get the claim only up to the bonus which is on the sum assured,
you will
not get any claim more than this, but
in this Elevate product, if any sum is
insured for you and once in a lifetime any
higher claim comes to you, then you will get it, it
is an amazing feature and that too up to the final
level, that is, Infat means whether the
policy is of Rs 10 lakhs, whether a
claim of Rs 1 crore comes, whether a claim of Rs 5 crore comes, whether a claim of Rs
50 crore comes, then  You will also get a claim
because there is such an option in the policy, once in a
lifetime. This is the first big feature. The
second amazing feature has been launched by the company
which is making a huge splash in itself,
which is unlimited claims
like infinite
claim bonus.
This amazing feature will also have to be
taken through an additional rider, that is,
suppose your policy is of ₹ lakh and there is
no claim in the first year, the next year the policy will be
of 30 lakh, whether there is a claim or not, the
policy will keep increasing every year and every year the sum shot will be double 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%, 40%, 50
% and there will be 100%
and there is no end limit
in most of the companies, it is 100%, it is
on 200%, on 500%, on 600%, the maximum
goes up to 10 times, it is up to 1000%, but
here the end number of limit there is no
limit, which is an industry first feature, it is the
second amazing big feature of the Elevate product.
Which no one in the entire industry
has, that is why you should take this product and
see it. Thirdly, let me talk about another
amazing and
beautiful feature in the product which is unlimited
retirement. Yes friends, an unlimited retirement as many times as
you need in the policy.
With a policy of 10 lakhs,
you can take unlimited claims of 10 lakhs.
With a policy of 20 lakhs, you can claim 20 lakhs unlimited times.
This is an amazing feature.
In this, the same person, same disease is also covered and other
diseases of the same person are also covered. Let me give you an example, you have
taken a policy of 10 lakhs. The first
claim came for ₹ 1 lakh, balance 1 lakh left. Next, a
claim of 10 lakhs will come in the same year. Then you will get the
third claim of 10 lakhs. You will get the
fourth claim of 10 lakhs. If there are
10 claims in the same year, you will get it up
to the sum in shot. There is
no capping, no condition and this is a very amazing
feature. This is the third big such unique feature.  This is an
industry first feature which no
one else in the entire industry has. Let me talk about the
fourth unique feature which is very
good which is no judge limit. Yes friends,
you can give the policy to a person of any age,
100 years, 105 years, 95 years, 82
years, 70 years. Both fresh and port
are available. Yes, in most of the policies there is
portability up to 60 years, 75 years, 65 years. There is no
age limit here.
You can have portability up to any age group. You can have a
fresh policy which is
useful and better for you.
I have mentioned this fourth feature. Fifth, another amazing
feature which I remember very well is
called pre and post hospital. The expenses of the first day
and the expenses after 180 days
are covered in the policy which can be very useful and unique for you.
And let me tell you the sixth feature, there is no limit on room rent, there is
no condition, you can take any ROM you want,
upgrade of
ROM.  It is available in any ROM policy, you
can take amazing amazing features and not only this,
I remember one more feature very well
which is pre-assisting
disease, pre-existing disease also has an
inbuilt feature in it, normally there is a waiting period of 3 years,
here you can get it done for 2 years or even for 1
year,
you can also reduce it by paying extra premium, such feature
is also available in it and last but not the least I am
telling you about one more amazing feature which is
very wonderful and amazing which is called
maternity cover, yes friends, there is
maternity cover inside the policy, after 1 year, after 2 years,
after 3 years, as you wish to take,
all those options will be available in it through riders
and there are many other workings,
details are there and I will
tell you in detail later, whoever wants to take the policy, we provide
this plan on all over India basis,
give us a chance to serve you once, hello, your friend Yogendra Verma